 Subversion

Study Guide

1 Git vs Svn

What are the diﬀerences between git and svn?
Git is a decentralized versioning system while Svn is centralized. Git merging is easir, Git branches were plentiful and easy to manage and each project had its own repository -very nice. Svn... well it keeps its repo on the server, its conflict resolution is basic at best, each time you make a branch it's actually a copy of the repo, and it does its merges by doing a commit. Svn is likely easir to manage an enormous team of contributors.

2 Commiting to svn

How are commits handled in svn?
Do a snv commit -m "notes..notes.."  Svn commit sends all changes to the repo. Each commit creates a new state of the filesystem tree (called a revision) in the repo.

3 Checking out svn

How are check outs performed in svn?
Do a svn checkout //http.......  or just do a svn co //http:.....

4 Bring me my .svn!

How do you create the local working environment with svn (the .svn directory)?
Simply by doing a check out, but let me elaborate: you must do a co with a depth of "empty" like this:
mnichols@LTS:~/svn$ svn co --depth empty https://github.com/marcnichols/svn .
and the response will be: Checked out revision 0.   and you'll now have your .svn 



5 Adding to the chaos

How do you add ﬁles to the repository?
The book says to do an import then to a co. I did an svn mv *.* to the trunk like this:
mnichols@LTS:~/svn$ svn mv *.* trunk/
A         trunk/study
D         study


6 It’s like a tree

How are branches handled in svn?
Each project directory has subdirectories named trunk and branches. To create a brnach, you make a copy
of your project tree in the repository using svn copy.
Reality is that svn has no real concept of a branch, it only knows how to make copies. Its branches exist as normal filesystem directories in the repo.

7 or maybe a forest

How many branches can you have at any given time?

8 Working copy

What does your local copy of a repository look like with svn?

9 Status

How do you check the status of the ﬁles you are presently working on?

10 Life of a branch

How long are branches in svn supposed to exist?

11 Taping it together

How do you merge branches?

12 We see a need!

Why was svn created?

13 A day in the life of svn
 
What is a typical svn workﬂow?

14 What were they thinking?!

What was the design criteria for svn?

15 Time machine

How do we view the past of a project with svn?
 
16 Great Scott!

If there was a mistake made in the past of a project, how should we go about correcting that mistake in svn?

17 The initial upload

If you have an existing project and want to start tracking it with svn, how do you copy your existing ﬁles to the repository the ﬁrst time? Does this create the .svn directory in your local folder?

18 Local SVN

Can the client/server setup required with svn exist on the same computer?

19 For the admins

Did SVN provide any diﬀerence in tools between how you do server side commands and client side commands? 
